  After taking the time to reflect on the class, I've really enjoyed my time here. I can’t always say it’s an easy class, but my classmates and the Discord we created make me feel like I have more help than just trying to understand everything on my own. Coding is still very hard for me, and I’m far from mastering it, but having a great, energetic teacher and cool classmates who are also trying to help each other out while learning makes the experience great. I’m still worried about taking tests in the data science class because there are a lot of terms you need to know to do the work we do, but overall, I enjoy the class. After taking the class, it has influenced me to see not only computers but technology in an entirely new light. I think what I enjoyed the most in the class was the "Make Your Own Adventure" game because it brought out my creative side and also helped me understand more about coding. (Reflection activity 1)
 
  data science class so far has given me a greater understang  of coding and the many and extremely mutiple uses that it has. In this activivty we were tasked to make list and loops.creating  list and loops are extremely helpful  for  storing and organizing data and mak ing list and loops are one way this can be used. in this activity we were first tasked with making list of different proffesions and list of genders.At first this was challenging but runing the cell over and over and reading the error syntax helped me to learn from my mistakes.Overall this activity was challenging but extremley useful and was a great experince.         (Reflection for activity 2)

    For assignments 4 and 5, I chose to create an adventure game. Throughout the entire data science class, the activity I found most interesting was coding my own adventure game. Since I was a kid, I have always loved decision-based games, and this activity gave me a great eye-opener into how they are created.
Choose-your-own-adventure games allow players to follow a path based on the options given to them, enabling exploration of different outcomes. These types of games involve creating an interactive experience where players make choices that determine the progression of the story.
When starting to create a choose-your-own-adventure game, you need to follow the core components of coding. This includes taking player input and building upon it using conditional statements to branch into different paths for the player to choose from. Combining this with an interesting story is not only a great way to understand and learn the ins and outs of coding but also a great way to gather creativity.This is why I was so excited to have the option to choose this for my final assignment. (Reflection for activity 4&5)
